"Azhari"{
Mizanur Rahman Azhari is a highly respected Islamic scholar, renowned public speaker and respected preacher of Bangladesh. He has earned a lot of love and appreciation from audiences across the country and beyond. Azhari's profound knowledge and impressive style quickly propelled him to become one of Bangladesh's most notable Islamic scholars. His influence has reached beyond the borders of his homeland, gaining popularity in countries such as Malaysia. Azhari's academic achievements are equally impressive, having earned a PhD in Islam from the prestigious Al Azhar University in Cairo, Egypt, earning him the title "Azhari".

He is a professional Bangladeshi Islamic scholar, Public speaker and Islamic preacher. His nickname is Mizanur. Do you know? What is the Date of birth of Mizanur Rahman Azhari? Where was born Mizanur Rahman Azhari? He was born in Demra police station of Dhaka home district on 26 January, 1990 (Friday) . Everybody want to know that how much age of Mizanur Rahman Azhari? Age of Mizanur Rahman Azhari is 35 years old. Every person searched that what is the Country, Nationality and Continent of Mizanur Rahman Azhari? His Country name is Bangladesh, Nationality is Bangladeshi and Asia Continent. Always came question from mind that What religion does Mizanur Rahman Azhari belong to? He belong to Islam Religion.
}

"Ahmadullah"{
Shaikh Ahmadullah is a professional Bangladeshi Islamic Speaker, Islamic scholars. His nickname is Ahmadullah. Do you know? What is the Date of birth of Shaikh Ahmadullah? Where was born Shaikh Ahmadullah? He was born in Bashikpur village of Laxmipur district, Bangladesh on 05 December, 1981 (Saturday) . Everybody want to know that how much age of Shaikh Ahmadullah? Age of Shaikh Ahmadullah is 43 years old. Every person searched that what is the Country, Nationality and Continent of Shaikh Ahmadullah? His Country name is Bangladesh, Nationality is Bangladeshi and Asia Continent. Always came question from mind that What religion does Shaikh Ahmadullah belong to? He belong to Islam Religion.

Our channel offers a collection of captivating and insightful sermons delivered by the renowned Islamic scholar, Shaikh Ahmadullah. Through his eloquent and engaging style, Shaikh Ahmadullah delves into various aspects of Islamic teachings, including the Quran, Hadith, Islamic history, spirituality, and moral guidance. Subscribe to this channel to access his inspiring waz and enrich your knowledge of Islam.
}